Docs/installation page (#3235)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/hub/getting-started/installation.md

`dlthub` will be automatically installed with workspace extra:

```sh
# install the newest dlt[workspace] version or upgrade the existing version to the newest one
uv pip install -U "dlt[workspace]"
```

Please install a valid license before proceeding, as described under [licensing](#self-licensing).

> ## Self-licensing

Reviewer: We still need to show people how the license can be used, so maybe you can call the whole section `Licensing`. And inside explain, that use of some of the features requires a license which will be obtained automatically if you purchase a paid dltHub offering. Then stuff about how to put license in a toml/env var (you can use tabs!). And then have a subsection about self-licensing.

Reviewer: Also you need to put a link to EULA somewhere

> You can self-issue an anonymous 30-day trial license to test dlthub features and use it for development, eductation, and ci ops. The self-issued licenses are not granted for "Production Use" and cannot be transfered to other machines/workspaces. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can self-issue an anonymous 30-day trial license to test dlthub features and use it for development, education, and CI ops. The self-issued licenses are not granted for use in production and cannot be transferred to other machines/workspaces. 
```
Could you also mention more explicitly, that the license is bound to the machine it was issued on?

### Choose a scope and issue a license:

```sh

> dlt license issue <scope>

Author: added it but was not able to double check whether this is true

```

#### Known scopes:

* `*`: All features 
* `dlthub`: All dltHub features 
* `dlthub.dbt_generator`: [Generate dbt packages from dlt pipelines](../features/transformations/dbt-transformations)
* `dlthub.sources.mssql`: [Change tracking for MSSQL](../ecosystem/ms-sql)
* `dlthub.project`: [Declarative yaml interface for dlt](../features/project/)
* `dlthub.transformation`: [Python-first query-agnostic data transformations](../features/transformations/)
* `dlthub.destinations.iceberg`: [Iceberg destination with full catalog support](../ecosystem/iceberg)
* `dlthub.destinations.snowflake_plus`: [Snowflake iceberg extension with Open Catalog](../ecosystem/snowflake_plus)
* `dlthub.runner`: Production pipeline runner and orchestrator support

Find your installed licenses with:

> ```sh

Author: there is no `show `command. I mixed it up because `license info` shows your installed licenses
